[Opera music]
[Sound effect: Gasp]
Zhang Peizan, do you recognize me?
Who are you?
Me? I am Xuechun.
Xuechun.
[Opera music]
[Sound effect: Gasp]
Xuechun, please spare my life.
Thief, you have no conscience
[Opera singing]
and killed me with your sword.
If you killed someone, you should pay with your life.
Come to court with me.
[Opera singing]
I hurriedly kneel on the ground.
Sister, please don’t tell anyone.
Tell me what you want of me,
I can even give you the gold.
[Opera singing]
Where did you put the one hundred taels of gold?
It’s hidden inside a tree behind the stable.
Where did you put the murderous knife?
Speak quickly. Where is the murder weapon? Speak!
[Opera singing]
It's hidden on the beam of the stable.
Hahaha
[Sound effect: Laughter]
[Opera music]
[Sound effect: Falling down]